Use women's talent because you don't need it,
No more Winter King, your divine order,
In order not to be too hurt and too argumentative,
You know how to lie to others, don’t trick the God King,
There is an old saying in your country of China:
Those who act without rank are military ranks,
I'll kneel down and beg you first,
It puts you at risk of death.
We must hurry up and save my life.
You take me, there is no need for me,
Die!
You are crazy about this, you actually refused to withdraw from me!
Even if I encounter you in the distance, I will still attack
Just leave him alone
But it's too dangerous Tianchen
Why don't you want to go?
Do I really want to marry
Li Jia’s murderer?